for all and more to cover we are in
minecraft good I will teach in how
Remove the peppers from here as such
in how they remove the chili pepper how to make
your computer
bring to minecraft all the fps that
your computer can get better me
explain whether your computer now
same low for 20 fps but your
computer runs 70 voucher is an example
in these steps it serves to make your
computer go as fluid as you can
go your computer first we have to
catch and go to one or three steps what
they will do it
one of the first pass vouchers
We are not going to your peace and good position
tupac for example this is an example this
your peace because maybe those you do not
it's going to be worth it because it has a lot
detail or
or whatever a row glass but
seek to leave a pack in the description
ok where you go 0 zero value the
because all shadows are removed
and you do not have to load anymore good map goes
to zero legacy ssd your peace once done
that also you go to a view liza
lost and fine I think I'll leave it below
I was also going to that base tim and you put it
in graphic fast render 0 fps limited to
well this this after we go but what
you put limited
this is to change a nonsense not
whatever we want because it gives less
cval is this what a computer has
more wrong and I recommend it to have this way
ok but
that does not matter too linear zero
numbers nothing this way
is all this on 2 and then chung on
multicolored which is what gives less
time as in multicolored such fps
the cbs is more stable the animations
all the details and everything takes to the minimum
not as well as if it were out outside
this in default
This in
in fast
and then this does not touch anything this either
touch nothing and it's already on structure
because it's just wants to go with other
textures
and so our fps will go all the fluids
that they always see me for example
like me for example right now see
20 200 and 400 peak and something but now
When I do one thing, it's going to go
what is the next thing we left the
game worth
and we go to the desk
well once we are in the
desktop we give the start button and
we give to team
we click right and go to properties
and then we go to our ram memory
that we have installed is worth and as I
you see here I have installed 12 and then
let's take it and go to the che
minecraft we give you to disperse the ok and
here we have a section that puts j
vm argument you see that I have or
be this what gives of ram albain craft
default so to speak
we take and click we put on
example puts 6 and you remove it again
Valley remains that there are profiles and
are already started in minecraft and already
you will have the minecraft with all of you counted
the ram that you have dedicated
Well, I'm back here
in my minecraft I had to restart
and as I do not have how I do not have internet
right now as you see then well
steve good since you'll see that there have been
a great improvement is worth as you see above
the right ok put use memory is the
memory you are using in memory
that we have given him worth and for
that reason goes to us as they are more
designated are not going to be left to us
as already and the fps it shows
put as I put it already normal and you see
what can I put in touch whatever I want
I go and you also see 200 gps 400 because
we have thus nothing memory as I go to
put the ends then I get a
little memory but still the same
of fluid is worth for this reason
for what we have done before it's worth it
we have given him
also assigned more ram and good memory
with those three basic tricks, it's worth
They are using for the face because I am a
steve that are
count a test or so that it does not produce
the one remove all the effects to
minecraft and put it in ram memory more
assigned and your computer is
reading will not reduce the fps drama
as much as you can and nothing else before
that you can tell me what you have
some videos for the description and os
I invite you to subscribe
in my tv and other videos
goodbye